~~ 1. A seat of an envelope type, comprising: an upper wall;  a bottom wall;  a side wall; and  incompressible filling pieces occupying a space defined by the bottom, side, and upper walls; and wherein  the bottom wall and the side wall are impermeable and are made of a rigid or semirigid material and at least a portion of the upper wall is made of an elastic and permeable material.  2. The seat as set forth in  claim 1 , wherein the incompressible filling pieces comprise polystyrene balls. 3. The seat as set forth in  claim 1 , wherein the side wall includes an inward rim made of a same material as the side wall, the inward rim being located where the side wall meets the upper wall. 4. The seat as set forth in  claim 1 , wherein the bottom wall is a sheet of inextensible material. 5. The seat as set forth in  claim 1 , wherein the side wall is a sheet of inextensible material. 6. The seat as set forth in  claim 1 , wherein the bottom, side, and upper walls are joined together and form an envelope containing the incompressible filling pieces. 7. The seat as set forth in  claim 6 , wherein the bottom, side, and upper walls are joined together by a sewing process. 8. A seat comprising: at least one envelope including an upper wall, a bottom wall, a side wall, and incompressible filling pieces occupying a space defined by the bottom, side, and upper walls, wherein the bottom wall and the side wall are impermeable, and are made of rigid or semirigid material, and at least a portion of the upper wall is made of an elastic and permeable material; and  at least one belt removably attached to the side wall.  9. The seat as set forth in  claim 8 , wherein the belt comprises: a rigid panel.  10. The seat as set forth in  claim 8 , wherein the belt comprises: a ring of homogenous material.  11. The seat as set forth in  claim 10 , wherein the homogenous material is selected from the group consisting of a rubber and a synthetic foam. 12. The seat as set forth in  claim 8 , wherein the belt comprises: an inflatable ring.