~~ 1. A bathtub invalid seat assembly including a seat mounted to advance, upon installation, from a position at the outer side of a bathtub proximate to a floor that is outside the bathtub, to an inner location wherein the seat will be positioned over the center region of said bathtub whereat a person may be washed or showered comprising: (1) two rails dimensioned to span the width of said bathtub from an inner to outer side of the bathtub, such rails being provided on the inner bathtub side with inner rail-support means, and provided on the outer bathtub side with outer rail-support means for supporting the rails above the bathtub;  (2) two supporting bars for carrying the seat, such bars having inner and outer ends and being connected to:  (a) two moveable seat-support legs by which the bars may be held off the floor on the side of the seat remote from the bathtub;  (b) supporting bearings fitted to the supporting bars proximate to the inner ends of said support bars, said bearings being shaped and positioned to engage with the two rails  whereby the seat supporting bars and seat-support legs may all be advanced together along the rails, to thereby shift the seat from a position at the outer side of said bathtub to a position over the center region of the bathtub with said seat-support legs also shifted to a position adjacent to the outer side of said bathtub. 2. An assembly as in  claim 1  wherein the supporting bearings are rollers located to provide an axis of rotation for the supporting bars substantially at the inner ends of said bars permitting the outer ends of such bars to be elevated by hand for advancement of the supporting bars for the seat and seat support legs. 3. An assembly as in  claim 2  wherein one or more of the wheels are provided with brake means. 4. An assembly as in  claim 3  comprising a positioning brace means which extends downwardly from the rails to engage with the inside surface of a bathtub and secure the rails against being displaced during use. 5. An assembly as in  claim 4  wherein said positioning brace means comprises tubular braces that are mounted for sliding advancement across the width of a bathtub having inner walls to engage with the inner walls of such bathtub. 6. An assembly as in  claim 2  comprising a positioning brace means which extends downwardly from the rails to engage with the inside surface of a bathtub and secure the rails against being displaced during use. 7. An assembly as in  claim 6  wherein said positioning brace means comprises tubular braces that are mounted for sliding advancement across the width of a bathtub having inner walls to engage with the inner walls of such bathtub. 8. An assembly as in  claim 1  wherein the moveable seat-support legs are provided with wheels at their lower ends. 9. An assembly as in  claim 8  comprising a linkage extending upwardly from the brake means whereby the brake means may be actuated by the person seated on the seat. 10. An assembly as in  claim 9  comprising a positioning brace means which extends downwardly from the rails to engage with the inside surface of a bathtub and secure the rails against being displaced during use. 11. An assembly as in  claim 10  wherein said positioning brace means comprises tubular braces that are mounted for sliding advancement across the width of a bathtub having inner walls to engage with the inner walls of such bathtub. 12. An assembly as in  claim 8  comprising a positioning brace means which extends downwardly from the rails to engage with the inside surface of a bathtub and secure the rails against being displaced during use. 13. An assembly as in  claim 12  wherein said positioning brace means comprises tubular braces that are mounted for sliding advancement across the width of a bathtub having inner walls to engage with the inner walls of such bathtub. 14. An assembly as in  claim 1  wherein said outer rail support means comprises legs which extend downwardly from said rails to said floor. 15. An assembly as in  claim 14  comprising a positioning brace means which extends downwardly from the rails to engage with the inside surface of a bathtub and secure the rails against being displaced during use. 16. An assembly as in  claim 15  wherein said positioning brace means comprises tubular braces that are mounted for sliding advancement across the width of a bathtub having inner walls to engage with the inner walls of such bathtub. 17. An assembly as in  claim 1  in combination with a tub that has an inner sidewall that provides a ledge wherein the inner rail-support means comprises tub ledge contacting extension means for extending to the ledge whereby the rails may be supported by said ledge. 18. An assembly as in  claim 17  wherein the inner rail-support means comprises adjustable spacers that extend downwardly to rest on the ledge. 19. An assembly as in  claim 1  comprising a positioning brace means which extends downwardly from the rails to engage with the inside surface of a bathtub and secure the rails against being displaced during use. 20. An assembly as in  claim 19  wherein said positioning brace means comprises tubular braces that are mounted for sliding advancement across the width of a bathtub having inner walls to engage with the inner walls of such bathtub.