~~ 1. A whirlpool jet assembly comprising; a Venturi housing having a water inlet and an air inlet for generating a stream of mixed water and air through an aperture in the wall of a water-holding enclosure;  a non-rotatable nozzle tube and eyeball positioned concentrically within said housing and in fluid communication with said water inlet and said air inlet for directing said stream through said nozzle tube through said aperture in a direction determined by the orientation of said eyeball;  a rotary assembly engaging said nozzle tube in releasable manner for selective conversion of said whirlpool jet assembly between a rotary configuration and a directable stationary configuration, said rotary assembly in said rotary configuration concentrically engaging said nozzle tube and having a plurality of canted apertures for passing said stream and generating rotational spin in said rotary assembly for spraying water and air over a circular pattern, said rotary assembly in said directable stationary configuration being removed from said nozzle tube.  2. The whirlpool jet assembly recited in  claim 1  wherein said rotary assembly comprises a plurality of lugs for engaging said nozzle tube. 3. The whirlpool jet assembly recited in  claim 1  wherein said rotary assembly comprises a divider for dividing said stream into respective ones of said canted apertures. 4. The whirlpool jet assembly recited in  claim 1  further comprising flow control means for adjusting the amount of water and air flowing through said nozzle tube. 5. The whirlpool jet assembly recited in  claim 1  where upon removal of said rotary assembly, said nozzle tube and said eyeball may be oriented at a selected angle relative to said wall aperture. 6. The jet assembly recited in  claim 1  further comprising means for engaging opposite surfaces of a water-holding enclosure at the perimeter of a hole in said enclosure. 7. A whirlpool jet assembly selectively convertible between first and second configurations comprising both an articulatable non-rotating nozzle and a removable rotary face, said rotary face in said first configuration being operably coupled to said nozzle for operation of said whirlpool jet assembly in a rotary mode, and in said second configuration removed from said nozzle for operation of said whirlpool jet assembly in a directable stationary mode, the nozzle being articulatable for directing a stream of water and air at a selected spot, the rotary face having rotation apertures for directing a stream of water and air over a region, said rotary face being in fluid communication with said nozzle for rotating said rotating apertures in response to water and air flow through said nozzle, said nozzle being articulatable upon removal of said rotary face from said whirlpool jet assembly. 8. The jet assembly recited in  claim 7  wherein said rotary face is attached to said nozzle by a plurality of lugs which engage an end of said nozzle. 9. The jet assembly recited in  claim 7  wherein said rotary face comprises a divider for dividing said stream of water and air into separated streams which flow through respective rotating apertures to impart a rotational torque to said rotary face. 10. The whirlpool jet assembly recited in  claim 7  further comprising flow control means for adjusting the amount of water and air flowing through said nozzle. 11. The jet assembly recited in  claim 7  further comprising means for engaging opposite surfaces of a water-holding enclosure at the perimeter of a hole in said enclosure. 12. The whirlpool jet assembly recited in  claim 7  where upon removal of said rotary assembly, said nozzle tube and said eyeball may be oriented at a selected angle relative to said wall aperture.