~~ 1. A perineum protecting device for protecting the perineum of males while riding a bicycle to prevent damage to the penile artery, said device comprising: a panel, said panel having a front edge, a back edge, a first side edge and a back side edge; and  a securing means for removably abutting said panel against the perineum; said securing means comprising:  a first loop member, said first loop member having a first end and a second end, said first end being securely attached to said first side edge and positioned generally adjacent to said front edge, said second end being securely attached to said first side edge and positioned generally adjacent to said back edge; and  a second loop member, said second loop member having a first end and a second end, said first end being securely attached to said second side edge and positioned generally adjacent to said front edge, said second end being securely attached to said second side edge and positioned generally adjacent to said back edge.  2. The perineum protecting device as in  claim 1 , wherein said panel has a middle portion, said middle portion comprising a cushioning material. 3. The perineum protecting device as in  claim 1 , wherein said panel has a height generally between 1 inch and 2 inches. 4. The perineum protecting device as in  claim 2 , wherein said cushioning material comprises a foamed elastomeric material. 5. The perineum protecting device as in  claim 2 , wherein said middle portion of said panel is generally enclosed in a covering membrane. 6. The perineum protecting device as in  claim 5 , wherein said covering member of said panel has a slit extending therethrough, wherein said middle portion may be selectively extended through said slit and be removed from said covering membrane. 7. The perineum protecting device as in  claim 5 , wherein said covering membrane comprises a cloth material, said panel having a width generally between 1| inches and 3 inches, a length generally between 3 inches and 5 inches and a height generally between 1 inch and 2 inches. 8. The perineum protecting device as in  claim 1 , wherein each of said first and second loop members comprises an elongate flexible member, said elongate flexible member comprising an elastomeric material. 9. A perineum protecting device for protecting the perineum of males while riding a bicycle to prevent damage to the penile artery, said device comprising: a panel, said panel having a front edge, a back edge, a first side edge and a back side edge, said panel having a middle portion, said middle portion comprising a cushioning material, said cushioning material comprising a foamed elastomeric material, said middle portion being generally enclosed in a covering membrane, said covering member having a slit extending therethrough, said slit being generally positioned adjacent to said front edge of said panel and orientated generally parallel to said front edge, wherein said middle portion may be selectively extended through said slit and be removed from said covering membrane, said covering membrane comprising a cloth material, said panel having a width generally between 1| inches and 3 inches, a length generally between 3 inches and 5 inches and a height generally between 1 inch and 2 inches;  a securing means for removably abutting said panel against the perineum, said securing means comprising;  a first loop member, said first loop member having a first end and a second end, said first end being securely attached to said first side edge and positioned generally adjacent to said front edge, said second end being securely attached to said first side edge and positioned generally adjacent to said back edge;  a second loop member, said second loop member having a first end and a second end, said first end being securely attached to said second side edge and positioned generally adjacent to said front edge, said second end being securely attached to said second side edge and positioned generally adjacent to said back edge; and  each of said first and second loop members comprising an elongate flexible member, said elongate flexible member comprising an elastomeric material.  10. A perineum protecting device for protecting the perineum of males while riding a bicycle to prevent damage to the penile artery, said device comprising: a panel having a front edge, a back edge, a first side edge and a back side edge; and  a securing means for removably holding said panel against the perineum; said securing means comprising:  a first loop member having a first end and a second end, said first end being attached to said first side edge and positioned generally adjacent to said front edge, said second end being attached to said first side edge and positioned generally adjacent to said back edge; and  a second loop member having a first end and a second end, said first end being attached to said second side edge and positioned generally adjacent to said front edge, said second end being attached to said second side edge and positioned generally adjacent to said back edge.  11. The perineum protecting device as in  claim 10 , wherein said panel has a middle portion comprising a cushioning material. 12. The perineum protecting device as in  claim 10 , wherein said panel has a height generally between 1 inch and 2 inches. 13. The perineum protecting device as in  claim 10 , wherein said cushioning material comprises a foamed elastomeric material. 14. The perineum protecting device as in  claim 11 , wherein said middle portion of said panel is generally enclosed in a covering membrane. 15. The perineum protecting device as in  claim 14 , wherein said covering member of said panel has a slit extending therethrough, and wherein said middle portion may be selectively extended through said slit and be removed from said covering membrane. 16. The perineum protecting device as in  claim 10 , wherein each of said first and second loop members comprises an elongate flexible member, said elongate flexible member comprising an elastomeric material.