~~ 1. A faucet support member configured to releasably fix a faucet in a mounting hole that is formed in a base plate, the faucet having at least one of a base end portion and a handy spray, the faucet support member comprising: a support seat provided to support the base end portion of the faucet, the support seat having a bottom surface configured to engage the base plate when the faucet support member is releasably fixed to the base plate;  a plurality of connectors configured to extend through the support seat and to extend from the bottom surface of the support seat;  a plurality of tightening members configured to be movable along the plurality of connectors, each tightening member having an upper surface configured to engage the base plate when the faucet support member is fixed to the base plate,  wherein the plurality of tightening members are pivotally attached to the plurality of connectors such that front end portions of the plurality of tightening members are directed inward when the plurality of tightening members are inserted through the mounting hole, and the front end portions of the tightening members are rotated to be directed outward when the tightening members are opened beyond a diameter of the mounting hole; and  a plurality of turning prevention members operatively engaging the plurality of connectors and configured to prevent the plurality of tightening members from being turned when the plurality of tightening members open beyond the diameter of the mounting hole,  wherein the plurality of tightening members are moved toward the bottom surface of the support seat to grip the base plate between the bottom surface of the support seat and the upper surface of each tightening member when the plurality of tightening members open beyond the diameter of the mounting hole, thereby supporting the faucet on the base plate.  2. A faucet support member as defined in  claim 1 , wherein said turning prevention members are provided on said support seat. 3. A faucet support member as defined in  claim 1 , wherein said turning prevention members are provided on said tightening members. 4. A faucet support member as defined in any one of  claims 1  to  3 , wherein a plurality of connectors are positioned so that the external side surfaces of said connectors are in contact with the internal surface of said mounting hole when said support seat is fixed at a predetermined position. 5. A faucet support member as defined in any one of  claims 1  to  3 , wherein said plurality of tuning members are positioned so that an external side surface of said each turning prevention member engages with an internal surface of said mounting hole when said support seat is fixed at a predetermined position. 6. A faucet support member as defined in any one of  claims 1  to  3 , wherein connectors are positioned so that the external side surfaces of said connectors are in contact with the internal surface of said mounting hole when said support seat is fixed at a predetermined position, while turning prevention members are positioned so that the external side surfaces of said turning prevention members are in contact with the internal surface of said mounting hole when said support seat is fixed at a predetermined position. 7. A faucet support member as defined in any one of  claims 1  to  3 , wherein said plurality of turning prevention members are detachable from said plurality of connectors. 8. A faucet support member as defined in  claim 2  or  3 , wherein said plurality of connectors are bolts, and said plurality of tightening members are screwed onto said bolts. 9. A faucet support member as defined in any one of  claims 1  to  8 , wherein in an opening portion of said support seat a convex portion is formed for holding a water conducting pipe which is inserted in said support seat. 10. A faucet support member as defined in  claim 9 , wherein said connectors are positioned on said convex portion. 11. A faucet support member as defined in any one of  claims 1  to  3 , wherein said plurality of tightening members are constructed so that the plurality of tightening members inhibit said water conducting pipe from being inserted into said opening portion of said support seat when the front ends thereof are directed inward. 12. A faucet support member as defined in any one of  claims 1  to  3 , further comprising: a cover ring pivotally mounted on an outer periphery of said support seat, said cover ring having a penetration hole formed in a peripheral wall of said cover ring; and  a fixing member configured to be inserted into said penetration hole to fix the base end portion of said faucet onto said support seat,  wherein said cover ring covers said fixing member with the peripheral wall thereof so as to prevent said fixing member from being moved in a loosening direction thereof.  13. A faucet support member as defined in  claim 1 , wherein a plurality of connectors are provided on said support seat being separated at a distance, and a spacer is provided on each set of connectors for maintaining the distance therebetween. 14. A faucet support member as defined in  claim 13 , wherein said spacer is provided on each set of connectors in a detachable manner. 15. A faucet support member as defined in  claim 14 , wherein said spacer is provided on said support seat in a detachable manner. 16. A faucet support member as defined in  claim 13 , wherein said plurality of connectors are two bolts. 17. A faucet support member as defined in  claim 13 , wherein said plurality of connectors are two bolts, and bolt insertion holes are drilled in said spacer, so as to penetrate said bolts through said bolt insertion holes, and nuts are screwed onto said bolts. 18. A faucet support member as defined in  claim 13 , wherein an insertion bore is drilled in said spacer for inserting said turning prevention members therein. 19. A faucet support member as defined in  claim 1 , wherein said plurality of connectors are provided on said support seat being separated by a distance and being pivotable independently. 20. A faucet support member as defined in  claim 1 , wherein two (2) tightening members are provided and inner surfaces of said tightening members are in contact with each other when the front ends of said tightening members are directed inward. 21. A faucet support member as defined in  claim 1 , wherein a resistance portion is formed on an upper portion of each of said tightening members, and said resistance portion lies between said tightening members and said base plate so that they provide resistance when said tightening members are turned after being tightened. 22. A faucet support member as defined in  claim 1 , wherein a buffer member is attached on an upper portion of said tightening members. 23. A faucet support member as defined in  claim 1 , wherein a curved surface is formed on an upper portion of said tightening members. 24. A faucet support member as defined in  claim 1 , wherein a guide member is provided on said support seat so that it is in contact with the inner periphery surface of the mounting hole when attaching said support seat onto said base plate. 25. A faucet support member as defined in  claim 24 , wherein said guide member is constructed so that it is detachable from said support seat. 26. A faucet support member as defined in  claim 24 , wherein said guide member is constructed with a main body and a guide body, and said guide body is detachable from said main body. 27. A faucet support member as defined in  claim 24 , wherein said guide member is constructed so that it is adjustable in a portion to be attached depending upon the size of said mounting hole. 28. A faucet support member as defined in  claim 1 , wherein an adapter member lies between said support seat and the base end portion of said faucet. 29. A faucet support member as defined in  claim 1 , wherein the upper surface of the front end portion of said tightening member is inclined toward said base plate while being attached with said connectors on the base end portion thereof. 30. A faucet support member as defined in any one of  claims 1  to  3 , wherein said support seat is detachably engaged with said base plate. 31. A faucet support member configured to releasably fix a faucet in a mounting hole that is formed in a base plate, the faucet having at least one of a base end portion and a handy spray, the faucet support member comprising: a support seat provided to support the base end portion of the faucet, the support seat having a bottom surface configured to engage the base plate when the faucet support member is releasably fixed to the base plate;  a plurality of connectors configured to extend through the support seat and to extend from the bottom surface of the support seat;  a plurality of tightening members configured to be movable along the plurality of connectors, each tightening member having an upper surface configured to engage the bottom surface of the base plate when the faucet support member is fixed to the base plate,  wherein the plurality of tightening members are pivotally attached to the plurality of connectors such that front end portions of the plurality of tightening members are directed inward when the plurality of tightening members are inserted through the mounting hole, and the plurality of tightening members can open beyond a diameter of the mounting hole when the front end portions of the plurality of tightening members are directed outward; and  a plurality of turning prevention members coupled to the plurality of connectors and configured to prevent the plurality of tightening members from being turned when the plurality of tightening members open beyond the diameter of the mounting hole,  wherein the plurality of tightening members are moved toward the bottom surface of the support seat to grip the base plate between the bottom surface of the support seat and the upper surface of each tightening member when the plurality of tightening members open beyond the diameter of the mounting hole, thereby supporting the faucet on the base plate,  wherein said plurality of connectors are bolts and said plurality of tightening members are screwed onto said bolts.