~~ 1. A scrubber for scrubbing a semiconductor wafer having an edge, comprising: a first roller for cleaning an edge of the semiconductor wafer, and  a second roller for rotating the semiconductor wafer, the first roller being configured to rotate in a direction at a first speed and the second roller being configured to rotate in the direction at a second speed so as to facilitate an edge cleaning of the semiconductor wafer by the first roller, the edge of the semiconductor wafer is cleaned due to friction from a difference in tangential velocity at a point of contact between the semiconductor wafer and the first roller.  2. The scrubber defined in  claim 1  wherein the mechanism edge cleans particles from a bevel area of the semiconductor wafer. 3. The scrubber defined in  claim 1  wherein the edge of the semiconductor wafer is cleaned due to friction between the edge and an abrasive material. 4. The scrubber defined in  claim 1  wherein the first roller comprises an abrasive material. 5. The scrubber defined in  claim 4  wherein the second speed is faster than the first speed. 6. The scrubber defined in  claim 5  wherein the second speed is approximately 1.5 times the first speed. 7. The scrubber defined in  claim 4  wherein the cleaning mechanism further comprises a water jet propelling water at an area of contact between the semiconductor wafer and the first roller. 8. The scrubber defined in  claim 1  wherein the second roller comprises an abrasive material. 9. The scrubber defined in  claim 8  wherein the abrasive material comprises a pad. 10. The scrubber defined in  claim 8  wherein the abrasive material comprises poly vinyl alcohol (PVA). 11. The scrubber defined in  claim 8  wherein the abrasive material comprises nylon. 12. The scrubber defined in  claim 8  wherein the abrasive material comprises polyurethane. 13. A scrubber for scrubbing a semiconductor wafer having an edge, comprising: a first roller for clearing an edge of the semiconductor wafer; and  a second roller for rotating the semiconductor wafer, the first roller being configured to rotate in a direction at a first speed and the second roller being configured to rotate in the direction at a second speed so as to facilitate an edge cleaning of the semiconductor wafer by the first roller by generating friction between the edge and an abrasive material on the first roller.  14. The scrubber defined in  claim 13  wherein the mechanism edge cleans particles from a bevel area of the semiconductor wafer. 15. The scrubber defined in  claim 13  wherein the abrasive material comprises poly vinyl alcohol (PVA). 16. The scrubber defined in  claim 13  wherein the abrasive material comprises nylon. 17. The scrubber defined in  claim 13  wherein the abrasive material comprises polyurethane. 18. A scrubbing apparatus for cleaning a semiconductor substrate with an edge, said apparatus comprising: a first roller that rotates the semiconductor substrate at a first speed; and  a second roller that rotates in a same direction as the first roller at a second speed different than the first speed and contacts the edge of the semiconductor substrate when the edge is cleaned due to a difference in tangential velocity at a point of contact between the semiconductor substrate and the second roller.  19. The apparatus defined in  claim 18  wherein the semiconductor substrate further includes at least one bevel area, and the second roller cleans said at least one bevel area due to the difference in tangential velocity. 20. The apparatus defined in  claim 18  wherein the second roller comprises an abrasive material. 21. The apparatus defined in  claim 20  wherein the abrasive material comprises a pad. 22. The apparatus defined in  claim 20  wherein the abrasive material comprises poly vinyl alcohol (PVA). 23. The apparatus defined in  claim 20  wherein the abrasive material comprises nylon. 24. The apparatus defined in  claim 20  wherein the abrasive material comprises polyurethane. 25. The apparatus defined in  claim 18  wherein both rollers comprise an abrasive material. 26. The apparatus defined in  claim 18  wherein the first roller has a rotational speed that is faster than rotational speed of the second roller. 27. The apparatus defined in  claim 18  wherein the rotational speed of the first roller is approximately 1.5 times the rotational speed of the second roller. 28. The apparatus defined in  claim 18  further comprising a water jet propelling water at the point of contact during side scrubbing of the semiconductor substrate. 29. The apparatus defined in  claim 18  further comprising a jet propelling at least one chemical at the point of contact during side scrubbing edge cleaning of the semiconductor substrate. 30. The apparatus defined in  claim 29  wherein said at least one chemical comprises NH 4 OH. 31. The apparatus defined in  claim 29  wherein said at least one chemical comprises NH4OH/H 2 O 2 .