~~ 1. A sleeping bag including: a) a main body for substantially enclosing the trunk of a user,  b) at least two body part portions in communication with, attached or said main body, each of said at least two body part portions being adapted to enclose, partially or fully, at least one body part of the user,  wherein one of said body part portions includes at least one leg portion integrally formed with the main body, and  wherein another of said body part portions includes at least one arm portion releasably attachable to the main body.  2. A sleeping bag as claimed in  claim 1  wherein said at least two body part portions further includes a head portion. 3. A sleeping bag as claimed in  claim 2 , wherein said head portion is releasably attachable to the main body. 4. A sleeping bag as claimed in  claim 1 , wherein there is provided a substantially water resistant or water proof seal between said main body and the releasably attachable body part portion(s), when attached. 5. A sleeping bag as claimed in  claim 4  wherein said substantially water resistant or water proof seal is in the form of or provided by a releasably sealable flap provided on either the main body or the releasably attachable body part portion(s), and in the region of the attachment. 6. A sleeping bag as claimed in  claim 1 , wherein one or more of the releasable attachable body part portion(s) are comprised of a different material(s) to said main body. 7. A sleeping bag as claimed in  claim 1 , wherein there is provided a gusset in the region where the at least two leg portions meet the main body. 8. A sleeping bag as claimed in  claim 1 , wherein the main body is provided with a drawstring. 9. A sleeping bag as claimed in  claim 1 , wherein said at least one leg portion is provided with feet portion(s) to substantially enclose the feet of the user. 10. A sleeping bag as claimed in  claim 9 , wherein said feet portion(s) are provided with a drawstring to enable a user to draw the feet portion(s) around his/her feet or lower leg. 11. A sleeping bag as claimed in  claim 1 , wherein said at least one arm portion is provided with hand portion(s) to substantially enclose the hands of the user. 12. A sleeping bag as claimed in  claim 1 , wherein said feet portion(s) and/or said hand portion(s) are comprised of a substantially water resistant or water proof material. 13. A sleeping bag as claimed in  claim 1 , wherein said feet portion(s) and/or said hand portion(s) are releasable attachable to said at least one leg portion and arm portion respectively. 14. A sleeping bag as claimed in  claim 1  wherein said at least one leg portion is provided with a drawstring to enable a user to draw said at least one leg portion around his/her leg. 15. A sleeping bag as claimed in  claim 14  wherein said drawstring is located towards a lower part of said at least one leg portion whereby the user may draw said at least one leg portion around his/her lower leg. 16. A sleeping bag as claimed in  claim 1  wherein the main entry into the sleeping bag is provided by a zip fastener running substantially the length of the main body. 17. A sleeping bag as claimed in  claim 16  wherein the zip fastener is located substantially along the middle front portion of the main body. 18. A sleeping bag as claimed in  claim 17  wherein the main entry into the sleeping bag is provided with a substantially water resistant or water proof seal.